---
layout:     post
title:      "Cheers"
permalink:  2017-04-21-cheers
date:       2017-04-21
categories: main
---

## Cheers

For four weeks in a row I have been, I am & I will be in Lima as a part of [HackerParadise](http://www.hackerparadise.org/), and I will work on an open source period tracking app. The experiences of menstrual cycles may vary due to age, emotional and physical well-being, but also political and social circumstances. This is why I will collect ideas of users and try to implement requested features that take into account a broader approach towards the experience of menstrual cycles. Adding a comment option for each day will be one of the features. I will also focus on writing a beginner friendly documentation so that users are invited to customize the app and use it as a personal coding project.

## So here's the plan

A customizbale period tracking app, that is open source and somehow also easy to use.

For four weeks in a row I have been, I am & I will be in Lima as a part of [HackerParadise](http://www.hackerparadise.org/), and I will work on an open source period tracking app. The experiences of menstrual cycles may vary due to age, emotional and physical well-being, but also political and social circumstances. This is why I will collect ideas of users and try to implement requested features that take into account a broader approach towards the experience of menstrual cycles. Adding a comment option for each day will be one of the features. I will also focus on writing a beginner friendly documentation so that users are invited to customize the app and use it as a personal coding project.

<!-- [Next post](./2017-04-17-hola) -->

[back to where it all begins](./)
